Previously on Teen Wolf...
It's a dead pool.
A hit list of supernatural creatures.
- What's the number?
- That's how much you're worth.
I'm worth five dollars?
- Five million.
- That's kind of terrifying.
I don't think the Orphans were the only
professional killers in Beacon Hills.
- Father and daughter.
- We need to tell her the truth.
She's going to see
the rest of the dead pool eventually.
Malia?
We might know a lot more about
who The Benefactor is now.
Who has the power to know
when someone is dead,
but doesn't need to see
the body to know it happened?
A Banshee.
This was the last thing your grandmother
wrote down before she died.
This isn't nonsense, Mom.
It's code.
Hey!
Hey, what are you doing?
Listen... Listen to me!
I'm a Deputy with the Beacon Hills
Sheriff's Department...
Damn.
I was hoping you'd be out longer.
Haigh?
- What the hell are you doing?
- You're a good guy, Parrish.
But the list says
you're worth five million dollars.
What? I don't know
what you're talking about.
Haigh, listen...
I mean,
I barely make $40,000 a year.
| only make 36.
No! Haigh, please! Just stop!
You don't have to do this.
Look, it you're having money problems...
You're worth five million dead, Parrish.
Sounds like you got the problem.
Please...
Please, don't do this.
You're just gonna stand there?
You're just gonna listen
to a fellow deputy burn to death?
Haigh, wait...
No, wait!
Wait!
It's notjust that
she could still be alive.
It's that she would've
had to take her death.
Your grandmother,
Lorraine Martin, faked her death?
- Definitely.
- Maybe.
More than likely, yes.
Oh, I'm guessing
you got a story to back this up?
She might be helping The Benefactor.
Or is The Benefactor.
That sounds like a story worth hearing.
Anybody seen Parrish?
Haigh?
Haven't seen him.
Holy...
You're dead.
Hey. Hey!
But you're dead!
He covered you in gasoline?
It's the hair and nails, isn't it?
The parts of the body
that are essentially dead.
Well, they should be gone.
l was set on fire.
All of me should be gone.
Not if you're like us.
Like you?
- I don't think he's like us.
- Then what is he?
- Sorry, but I have no idea.
- But you knew about Jackson and Kira.
This is a little out of my experience.
There might be something in the bestiary.
Did you try Argent?
- I don't know where he is.
- Okay, hold on. What's a bestiary?
Actually,
that's not even my first question. Just...
Just tell me one thing.
Are all of you like Lydia?
Are you all psychic?
- Psychic?
- Yeah.
Not exactly.
Okay. Then what are you?
- All right, Mr. Stilinski...
- Sheriff.
Sheriff Stilinski.
I've got you scheduled for surgery
first thing in the morning.
Unfortunately, it's going
to take a little digging
to get that slug out of your shoulder.
Yeah, it's fine.
One more.
What's this part here? This line?
Patient Responsibility.
Parts of the procedure and hospital stay
not covered by insurance.
Are those big parts?
Expensive parts?
That's between you
and your insurance unfortunately.
You should start feeling
the morphine in a minute.
Try to get some rest, Mr...
Sheriff.
Hey, stop that.
l was just curious
about the terminology.
We're not in any kind of dire straits.
I know about the bills, Dad.
I know about the collectors
calling about Eichen House.
I know about the advance
from the department,
about the credit cards.
Stiles,
are you going through my stuff?
Yeah, I go through all of your stuff.
Especially when you keep things from me.
I keep things from you because
you don't need to know everything.
Yes, I do. l have to know everything.
How the hell else
am I supposed to take care of you?
You're not supposed
to take care of me!
I'm the dad.
You're the son.
You get it?
Dad. Son.
I take care of you.
We're supposed to
take care of each other.
Hey, we're going to be all right.
How do you know, Dad?
I don't.
But the morphine's kicking in.
I'm not all that worried
about anything right now.
But I am.
What's a Kanima?
We'll get back to that.
Just know that everyone like us,
everyone with some kind
of supernatural ability
- is on the dead pool.
- But I don't even know what I am.
I'm pretty sure they don't care.
How many professional assassins
are we talking about?
We're starting to lose count.
But is it still just professionals?
I don't think Haigh's ever
tried anything like this.
I think he was taking a chance.
That means anyone with the dead pool
can take a chance.
But if Haigh had it,
then who else does?
How easy is it to get this thing now?
Meredith was only
at my grandmother's lake house once.
But I think once was enough.
How did your grandmother know her?
She didn't.
She found her.
Because of another woman
named Maddy.
The woman she loved.
I never met her,
but I saw her name everywhere.
She used to be
part of a yacht racing team.
There were plaques
and trophies in the lake house
- from all the regattas she'd won.
- How did she die?
How's not the story.
It's what happened right before.
My grandmother, Lorraine,
used to work in San Francisco for IBM.
She was there on a weekend,
catching up on work.
She started hearing this sound...
Like rain.
But when she looked out the windows...
All she saw was blue sky.
But she kept hearing the rain?
And itjust kept getting louder.
Rain and thunder
cracking like gunshots in her head.
So loud.
She finally just screamed.
Like a Banshee.
She called Maddy,
who was planning on
taking one of the
boats out on the lake.
But Maddy said
that the sun was shining there too.
So Lorraine didn't say anything.
There was an accident?
It took them four days
to find Maddy's body.
And then it took decades
to figure out how Lorraine knew.
She started with parapsychologists,
like the PhD in their name
made it more scientific.
They built the study in the lake house
according to every
pseudoscientific theory they could find.
None of it worked.
Then she started
getting into more extreme occult.
Things like mediums and psychics.
All of them were failures.
Until Meredith.
They found her at Eichen House.
This fragile girl who didn't understand
the things she heard.
They brought her to the study.
And they almost killed her.
She was hospitalized for over a year.
She
never really recovered.
My grandmother drove her insane.
And I drove her to suicide.
And all she ever wanted to do was help.
My grandmother created
the code for the dead pool.
They think she's the Banshee
who put the names out in the first place.
She left me this message
in the same code.
But she didn't leave
a cipher key, did she?
Careful with that.
I thought you didn't like guns.
Does this have something
to do with your eyes?
My eyes, my strength, the healing...
- All of it.
- Gone?
Whatever Kate did to me,
it's still happening.
If the dead pool
really was made by a Banshee
then there's something else
that you should know about.
Your name broke the third list.
It was a cipher key.
And the two other keys
were Allison and Aiden.
And I...
I don't want to make you nervous,
but it kind of feels like there
might be a pattern there, doesn't it?
Allison, Aiden...
You.
Names picked by a Banshee.
It... It could mean that you're in danger.
Scott, Banshees don't predict danger.
They predict death.
Three, four, five, six, seven...
Liam!
Hey. Am I gonna see you
at the bonfire tonight?
Uh...
I'm thinking about skipping it.
- You're not skipping.
- Why not?
Because you're on the lacrosse team.
Don't you have to go?
I don't, uh...
- I... I don't think I can make it.
- You're coming.
And we're gonna find you a nice girl that
you can embarrass yourself in front of
and find me a lacrosse player.
Because statistically speaking,
someone on your team
has gotta be on my team.
All right?
Liam?
Okay. I'll be there.
Try Maddy.
It's got to be Maddy.
Doesn't Maddy feel a little
obvious as a cipher key?
I guarantee it's Maddy.
Okay, your name.
She left the code for you, right?
So it's got to be your name.
Your mom's name?
Do you have any beloved family pets?
All right...
Now I know the start of season bonfire,
it's a big deal for you guys.
I also know
it gets out-of-hand sometimes.
The alumni show up,
there's other teams, and alcohol.
Lots and lots of alcohol.
All right.
Shut up!
Now, what I don't understand is
why anybody would
ever want to get stumbling down drunk
in front of a massive open fire.
I'm also resigned to not
being able to stop you guys.
I also remind you,
your team captain, McCall,
will be there.
And I can count on him
to narc on any
and every one of these little bastards.
Get back to class.
The ashes were left for you.
The code was left for you.
You're supposed to be
able to figure this out.
But no one else is.
Which is why she made it hard.
Oh, my God.
Okay?
You...
"No one else."
No one else but you.
What?
Our guesses.
They're all about Lorraine.
Right? We keep trying to guess a word
that has something to do with her.
So, maybe we should
be trying to guess one that's about you.
Me? What about me?
What do you remember
doing with your grandmother?
You know, what was you guys',
like, special thing?
Did you guys... Did you go to the beach?
You know, did you like ice cream or...
- We read.
- Okay. What did you read?
The Little Mermaid.
You read that movie?
It was a book first.
Hans Christian Andersen.
Type it in. "Little Mermaid."
We read it every night.
I got so obsessed with it,
for three months
I wouldn't respond to anything but Ariel.
It drove my parents crazy, but...
Grandma thought it was adorable.
Hey.
You okay?
Last night my printer went off by itself.
I couldn't turn it off.
I hit the cancel button.
- But it just kept printing.
- Printing what?
What the hell is this?
Okay. You recognize any of these?
Just my grandmother.
Lydia...
We need to call Scott.
You see the difference?
Derek's not on the list anymore.
And I'm not worth three million.
It's 18 now.
$18 million.
Well, it's not another dead pool.
More like an already dead pool.
All of them?
AII dead?
Within the last 10 years.
AII suicides.
And all at the same place.
Eichen House.
Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- Getting drunk.
- What are you doing?
- Trying to make sure no one gets hurt.
That sounds fun too.
I don't want to ruin your night or anything,
but we kind of can't get drunk.
What?
I think it has something
to do with our healing.
But, trust me, I've tried.
You're not gonna feel anything.
Maybe you should tell him that.
Lydia, Eichen House isn't a library.
You need a warrant to get files from there.
My grandmother left me
a list of 10 suicides,
including her own.
There's got to be a reason why.
Is there anyone
there who's willing to help us?
No. But there might be someone
willing to take a bribe.
Not gonna tell me to slow down?
Actually,
I was gonna say, "Keep drinking."
I think you should get drunk.
And I mean stumbling down,
fall on your ass,
passed out
with your face in a toilet drunk.
Why?
Maybe then
when I ask you what's going on,
you'll be too drunk to lie.
I'm not asking this
because I want to know.
I'm asking because I want to help.
I'm gonna get another drink.
Yeah...
I'm getting drunk.
A thousand.
A thousand dollars?
To use one little key
to open up one little file room?
Are you out of your mind?
When you get the keys,
you make the price.
Right.
You actually think
we have that kind of money?
I know you don't.
If you did, Daddy Sheriff
would've paid the bill by now.
That's why I'm talking to her.
I have $500.
Follow me.
- I just want to talk.
- Well, Ijust want to dance.
We had our reasons.
- We didn't tell you about Peter...
- To protect me.
That's what Peter said you would say.
And guess what he said next?
That you were right.
- Does that surprise you?
- No. It makes me wonder what he wants.
Malia, we need to stay together.
- You, me, Stiles...
- I don't want to talk about Stiles.
I just want to dance.
And get drunk.
Malia... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
You are drunk.
Yep.
But you can't be.
Is this what drunk feels like?
It doesn't feel as good as I hoped.
I don't think it's supposed to.
Good?
Yeah. We can help ourselves.
Uh, Lydia, you got the list?
Lydia, why did you
write another name on here?
- I didn't write anything.
- This is your handwriting.
Why would I write another name?
Why would you write mine?
It was the tapes, wasn't it?
Your turn, sweetheart.
And who the hell are you?
Hello, Deputy.
I'm a US. Marshal
working in conjunction with this office,
and I'd like to ask you
a few questions.
Yeah, well, I got a question.
How'd you get those scars?
A werewolf.
How'd you break your nose?
What's that supposed to...
Malia...
What's in this?
What did you have to drink?
Just vodka.
Stay on your feet
and keep moving.
Help us!
Someone, help!
Lydia, there's a lot of people
screaming for help in a place like this.
I don't think anyone's listening.
Well, I'm open to better ideas.
Because if you didn't notice,
all of those suicides were murders.
- That's why she left you the message.
- She predicted her own death.
She knew I'd figure it out.
Once you were able
to predict your own.
But they weren't murders.
I'm not some serial killer
like Ted Bundy
going around cutting up college girls.
No, you're just an Angel of Death.
I don't think you understand
my level of commitment
to my work here, Stiles.
There are people here
who don't simply need treatment.
They need release.
I helped them.
I helped Lorraine.
You killed her.
I helped her.
And now you can help me.
Because there is something about it
that's always bothered me.
Malia?
How much has he had to drink?
Not enough to get him like this.
Something's happening.
We need to get them out of here.
I think we're gonna have to, um...
How much did you drink?
Nothing. Not even a sip.
It's not the drinks.
It's the music.
What are you...
Brunski, what are you doing?
Don't worry, Lorraine.
It's going to be all right.
You're just going to have
a little trouble breathing.
Lydia, look at me. Don't listen.
Okay, don't listen to it.
Just focus on my voice, a" right?
Don't listen to it, block it out.
Okay?
Lydia?
- Hey, turn it off!
- Stop!
Then listen...
Just listen.
I need your help with this, Lydia.
Please don't...
Here it is.
This is the part I never understood.
Listen.
Please don't hurt her.
Don't hurt who?
Ariel.
I have to...
I have to turn off the music.
Don't let them out of your sight.
Wait... Stop.
Let's go.
Hey, what are you doing?
These are my friends.
Your friends are overly intoxicated.
They need to be escorted out.
- Okay, I'll go with them.
- That won't be necessary.
I said they're my friends...
You okay, dude?
What is that?
What are you doing?
It's gasoline.
Haigh says we gotta burn you.
We get a lot of teenagers
trying to break into our drug cabinets.
Most of the time they don't succeed.
But you two
look pretty clever to me.
- What happened to the gun?
- You're covered in gasoline.
Oh, yeah.
I'll admit, Stiles,
I don't have any unusual talents
like Lydia,
but, somehow,
I just knew we were
gonna get a chance to do this again.
No. No. No.
No!
Drop it.
Take your thumb off that needle
and slowly withdraw it from her neck.
Young Deputy.
You're just a kid.
I bet you've never even fired a...
He... He killed my grandmother.
He was controlling Meredith.
He used her to create the dead pool.
And he killed her
when she tried to help us.
You...
You think it was me?
That I was controlling her?
Idiots...
She was controlling me.
Oh, God.
It's not him.
He's not The Benefactor.
No.
And... He wasn't on my list.
But he was a bad person.